# This Weeks Accomplishments: October 26, 2015

## This Week's Goal: Learn about Wordpress and e-commerce plug-ins.

## Things I Did From the List:

- [x] Start Full Stack Course at [@EscuelaDevRock](https://twitter.com/EscuelaDevRock)
- [x] Read articles about how to setup Wordpress and e-commerce plug-ins.
- [x] Enjoy my evenings.
- [x] Write a list about what the Wordpress site needs to have.
- [x] Get a present for my sister in law (she's awesome!).


### Additional Things I Did:

- [x] Started Wordpress Branch @ https://teamtreehouse.com.
- [x] Watched a Wordpress Workshop about installing Wordpress plus an ecommerce.
- [x] Have a bd party! (my cousin's one) :D!

##### Minor add-ons

- [x] Read about bloggin' and traveling.
- [x] Watched Paranormal Witness & Sleepy Hollow like a madman :D!!
- [x] Cleaned the apartment (that felt great!). It really looks like an apartment now :D!

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:

- [ ] Code at least 1 hr per day.
- [ ] Continue learning about JS.
- [ ] Fix my garden (it sucks atm).
- [ ] Learn Steven Universe Theme Song.

## Next Week's Goal: Start Building Wordpress Site + ecommerce.

### Week in Review

Hey there! This week was a pretty dull one since I've got a little sidetrack lately but I tried to acomplished all what I could nevertheless.
I'm getting ready to start with the WP Site :D! I think everything about it would go smoothly and if not... I'll deal with it (H)! I started 
a course about Full Stack development, so I'm happy and I also discovered a great [blog](www.positiveviajes.com.ar) about traveling and living/working while doing so! It's awesome :D! I already
got in touch with the writer and asked for advice about traveling and about reading (He seems to read about 60 books a year yikes!). So even tho I got a little sidetracked and I'm
a little down, this wasn't a bad week :D! So now I'm ready for phase 2 and to deliver my full potential! BRING IT ON!!!!! 

# Week pictures!!
