# This Weeks Accomplishments: October 12, 2015

## This Week's Goal: Learn about Arrays and Objects.

## Things I Did From the List:

- [x] code at least 1 hr per day. (I don't know if I coded 1 hr per day but I was coding way more than the past week).
- [x] Contribute helping others with their code.
- [x] Continue learning about JS.
- [x] Enjoy my evenings.
- [x] Assist [Buenos Aires Dev Fest](http://devfest.gdg.com.ar/).

### Additional Things I Did:

- [x] I bought my first arduino board :D!
- [x] Watched [New to angular](https://egghead.io/articles/new-to-angularjs-start-learning-here?utm_content=bufferca925&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer) videos from egghead.
- [x] Watched #HechoEnArgentina.
- [x] Watched Peter Sunde @ #CulturaDigital2015.


##### Minor add-ons
- [x] I'm trying to fix an old notebook with debian in order to learn and start programming on it.
- [x] Watched: Crimson Peak.
- [x] Went to Blind Guardian's Concert.

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:

- [ ] Read articles about JS Arrays and Objects.
- [ ] Try to tackle some [FreeCodeCamp](http://www.freecodecamp.com/julianaramburu) Bonfires or Ziplines.
- [ ] Fix my garden (it sucks atm).
- [ ] Learn Steven Universe Theme Song.

## Next Week's Goal: Learn about Wordpress/e-commerce options

### Week in Review

Well this week didn't wen't completly as planned since it had a holiday in it and mother's day was also this week. So I could not manage the 
time well enough. So I focused in the things I was able to complete. 
I assisted to my first convention which was Buenos Aires Dev Fest! It was pretty neat and I met a lot of new people :)! Also the talks were really inspiring!
I got some stickers and a t-shirt and went home with a lot of new concepts and ideas in my head so I'm happy about that.
I also got a job offer from my mother in law about building a site with a blog and an e-commerce on it! I'm super excited since it's a paid job and also a great
oportunity to learn new things! I hope everything runs smoothly :)!
